# Becoming a happy hacker with the Happy Hacking Keyboard

I purchased a HHKB recently as it's something I've wanted for years, however, I didn't expect to love it *quite* as much as I do. Over the past couple years I've used keyboards with Cherry Blue and Cherry Red switches, changing between them whenever I would get annoyed with how loud Blue switches are until I missed the feel of them enough. That won't be a problem anymore.

Purchasing it online through a mail forwarder called ZenMarket I made the horrible mistake of assuming tax was applied when I purchased the keyboard. So after I was already $450AUD deep on the purchase it was sitting in their warehouse and I had to pay $80AUD for shipping and GST (╥_╥). There was no going back. At that point I was regretting the purchase and cursing myself for being so careless. For the first half an hour my heart sank as it felt odd. But the more I typed the more I enjoyed it and now I enjoy it quite a lot. It was different and I just needed to get used to it :)

Topre switches aren't mechanical switches but that's a good thing. It's difficult to describe quite how they feel but if I compare them to my mechanical switches the press is "wider" and there's this very charming 'thock' sound. The HHKB is a joy to type on and I don't get a headache like I do with Cherry Blue switches and the irritating click that they have. At this point the Cherry Reds that I use feel like they're full of sand as they're unlubed. I didn't realise how bad my typing experience was at all and the HHKB has ruined my other keyboards for me in the best way.
It's the best prebuilt keyboard I've used.

The layout of this keyboard is really intuitive. I have the Mac mode enabled through the 2nd dip switch on the bottom of the keyboard. The Control key being in place of the Caps Lock key is extremely useful when you finally get used to it and I genuinely love where the Delete/Backspace key is. Using the Mac mode I get access to the volume control keys which work perfectly fine on Linux. I miss my arrow keys when using a web browser though!

I highly recommend buying a HHKB, although perhaps 2nd hand, and hope Topre switches become more popular. Typing should be an enjoyable experience as our lives practically revolve around computer usage and the HHKB is one way of getting that.
